readme.md, before:

## The Readme

## Group Project: Git Readme

### Index page : https://maxpeg8.github.io/Earth_I210_final/index.html

### Project Summary

Brief description of your what your project is about and why you chose that topic.

Our Topic: Moons
We chose this topic for two main reasons; it was a theme category provided, and one of Uranus' moons shares the name Miranda with a member of our group.

### Live Link

#### Index page: [Home Page](https://maxpeg8.github.io/Earth_I210_final/index.html)

### Key Takeaways

Show understanding of web developement techniques, such as:

- html
  - text here
- css
  - text here
- js
  - text here

### Core Webpages

- Home Page

  - what is it about? Talks about moons on uranus. Specifies details of each moon. Little tabs of moons signifying which moon is which via boxes/button. About section too. Puck, Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania, and Oberon. Short descriptions,
    2 people assigned two moons, 1 person does home page and 1 moon,

- Individual Moon Pages
  - what is it about? Each has info about size of moons, makeup of moon, and origin, pictures of moon. Fun facts of moons.

### Design Choices

List any websites that you might reference to influence you styling choices

### Members & Responsibilities

Max:

- President
  - Submit assignments, write project summary section
- Analyst
  -Write key takeaways section

Miranda:

- Scrum Master
  - Write members and responsibilities section
- Architect
  - Write core webpages section

Ayaan:

- Designer
  - Write design choices section
- Presenter
  - Will be the primary presenter

Commit message:

updated the readme with info from our group document

readme.md, after:

## The Readme

## Group Project: Git Readme

### Index page : https://maxpeg8.github.io/Earth_I210_final/index.html

### Project Summary

Our Topic: Moons of Uranus
We chose this topic for two main reasons; it was a theme category provided, and one of Uranus' moons shares the name Miranda with a member of our group.
Our site will consist of 6 pages: a home page and 5 pages for Uranus' 5 main moons (Puck, Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania, and Oberon). One member will do the home page and a moon page while the remaining two members will each do 2 moon pages.

### Live Link

#### Index page: [Home Page](https://maxpeg8.github.io/Earth_I210_final/index.html)

### Key Takeaways

Show understanding of web developement techniques, such as:

- html
  - The content for a page primarily goes here.
- css
  - The way to style content in the html
- js
  - The was to write functions, define cariables, and more to create interactivity with the website.

### Core Webpages

- Home Page

  - Talks about moons on uranus. Specifies details of each moon. Little tabs of moons signifying which moon is which via boxes/button. About section too. Puck, Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania, and Oberon. Short descriptions

- Individual Moon Pages

  - Each has info about size of moons, makeup of moon, and origin, pictures of moon. Fun facts of moons.

### Design Choices

- https://www.bing.com/search?pglt=417&q=uranus+moons+order&cvid=46e6e25004774361823161135ecb9f27&gs_lcrp=EgRlZGdlKgYIABBFGDkyBggAEEUYOTIGCAEQABhAMgYIAhAAGEAyBggDEAAYQDIGCAQQABhAMgYIBRAAGEAyBggGEAAYQDIGCAcQABhAMgYICBAAGEDSAQgyNTIxajBqMagCALACAA&FORM=ANNTA1&PC=LCTS

- https://science.nasa.gov/uranus/moons/

- https://science.nasa.gov/solar-system/moons/

- https://www.space.com/22201-uranus-moons.html

### Members & Responsibilities

Max:

- President
  - Submit assignments, write project summary section
- Analyst
  -Write key takeaways section

Miranda:

- Scrum Master
  - Write members and responsibilities section
- Architect
  - Write core webpages section

Ayaan:

- Designer
  - Write design choices section
- Presenter
  - Will be the primary presenter
